# Meeting - 28/09/2015

## Metadata

**Place:** Skype

**Contributors:**

* Thomas Pocreau
* Nicolas Joseph
* Brunno Attorre

## Notes
### What have been done since last time

**Brunno**

* Worked on tests and fix some bugs in the scoring

### Discussions

* Update Thomas on the status of the project

### Next steps

**Nicolas**

* Modify the openshift cartdrige
* Deploy
* test

**Thomas**

* Review the state of the code and raise issues

**Brunno**

* Tests
